Update k8s tests and libraries to v1.27.0 (#24837)
cilium-team/cilium: vendor/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> As of February 2022 (and until this document is updated), the latest version `v4` is supported.

Reviewer: Edited for plain language
```suggestion
As of February 2022, the latest version supported is `v4`.
```

Author: Same here, these docs are part of a 3rd party dependency.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you think you found a vulnerability, and even if you are not sure, please report it to jwt-go-security@googlegroups.com or one of the other [golang-jwt maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/golang-jwt/people). Please try be explicit, describe steps to reproduce the security issue with code example(s).
> 
> You will receive a response within a timely manner. If the issue is confirmed, we will do our best to release a patch as soon as possible given the complexity of the problem.
> 
> ## Public Discussions
> 
> Please avoid publicly discussing a potential security vulnerability.
> 
> Let's take this offline and find a solution first, this limits the potential impact as much as possible.
> 
> We appreciate your help!

Reviewer: Edit for clarity
```suggestion
If you think you've found a vulnerability, even if you're not sure, please report it to jwt-go-security@googlegroups.com or one of the other [golang-jwt maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/golang-jwt/people). Be explicit when describing steps to reproduce the security issue. Provide code example(s).

You'll receive a response as soon as we can get back to you. If the issue is confirmed, we'll do our best to release a patch as soon as possible.

## Public Discussions

Please avoid discussing potential security vulnerabilities in public.

Finding a solution first limits a vulnerability's potential impact.

We appreciate your help!
```

Author: Same here, these docs are part of a 3rd party dependency.
